IFS weekly meeting weekly call where we
get to learn about the exciting projects
that are happening in the ipfs community
so if you are on this cult if you can
just put your name in our signup sheet
which is in a chat that would be great
and we're just gonna get right to it so
today we have one deal and he is going
to tell us about matters dot news which
uses which is built on top of IP FS and
we'll learn like how Madison News is
using IP FS and we'll learn about the
project in general so before or Leo
begins thank you very much
clap thumbs up we really appreciate the
people who take a time out to share
their hard work with us and without
further ado Gor Leo please show us some
you could be getting to present day
Thank You Portia um thanks everyone for
coming here and thanks for inviting me
to you there Ricky called I'm a huge
admirer of what the work ideas coming to
have down and our team have been wanted
to reach out to the deep web community
so this is a great chance for us can
everyone see my slides now we had yes
three um so the project and a better
talk today is a project we've been
working on for more than Y year now
we're working on the digital publishing
platform and we wanted to be human
distributed and copyright supported by
human we mean that we want to link back
in the human element in content
discovery and I will tell you what what
how we're trying to implement that and
with the human element it's naturally a
distributive way of discovering the
content so naturally we'll want the data
to be distributed as well but the other
thing about the distributed the apps are
traditionally it's hard to to work with
copyright materials but as it's
increasingly clear that in order to have
a good counter and ecosystem we do need
you have compressible
have a way to 4/4 they also to get paid
so that's our main goal and so today's
dog I would first kind of goes through
the the general the digital overview of
the prototype we have now and then I'm
going to talk about our ultimate vision
and how we're trying to get there so you
one second so please ask any questions
or interrupt me anytime during the talk
so this is the front page of our website
that the main platform where you can now
it's it's it's in Chinese both in
traditional Chinese and simplified
Chinese since our user now our Chinese
users but we're more than happy to add
in English support once they're more
interested in fight by other English
users the website is written as
progressive web app it's um currently
it's geared towards a writer's community
so it's servicing the writer we're
trying to figure out what the what
writers need and try to kind of sharpen
our our platform to their needs so I
added some English notations
translations to different parts of the
website it's kind of what you would
expect for a normal publication platform
such as medium so we have on the front a
on the front page we have kind of like a
a feed which is the let me get that
pointer here so this feed is we have the
or the articles with the newest activity
and we have one minute section which
where we have their daily highlight and
you can also click on this tab which you
can see the activities of the users that
you follow and you have a Search tab and
on the sidebar we have a lot of editor
recommendations because it's still very
small community so we want our where one
hour you to see the best content in a
platform so it's still now heavy curated
and the other part is about the IPF
integration
if you click on your own project younger
on webpage you can see the the webpage
that you have shaken sorry
so I on page you can see the the
articles you've published and you can
see the activist has that with that
editor the active network and then
through the public nerville's you can
have a way to see the copy gateways and
you see that your content IPS network
and on the right side you can see the
HTML page on IPSS sorry give me one
second here then we've not working very
well for me okay okay so this is kind of
the overview of the current prototypes
out there without a little bit about the
IPF integration so we're using nodejs as
our server so we fit up a go active node
and we use active HTTP client to connect
to that node and we at first we try to
use the custom mode and then we switch
to single because I have some issues
with the cluster something about
synchronizing the the hash list between
different nodes and we also add to
active s at HTML bundle so all the
assets in the HTML is four so in
activist network we also store our
metadata as CID human even a schema from
schema.org
so what are we trying to do here what
are we trying to achieve with with the
platform and using activist edge as a
backbone so that the problem we're
trying to solve is that after the
internet we see a room of content we see
different ways of describing contents
but most of their content discovery that
we have or short contents or such as
micro blog and articles but in the past
where a lot of the good contents are
long-form they're longer than articles
such as magazines newspapers and books
those competency don't really have a
nice niche in a new ecosystem so if we
took a take a look at the publisher the
traditional publisher if it can be
magazine publisher they can be newspaper
publishers or publishers we're actually
having a hard time between the publisher
and the writer both of them have a hard
time staying in business and the writer
the creator does not own the creation
and the publisher has now they have
either in order to stay in business they
have either to make free content plots
at all they have to lock in the content
in book format within mobi or ePub which
is not very accessible on the Internet
this is because they're how the the
company khana me is attention economic
is it it's built on the clickbait and
the long form content or a lot of times
the cube content is it's hard heartful
easy to find and the heart you tied into
this attention economy and another way
to kind of use this product
run is that if we somehow we can have a
way of measuring the accessibility of
different contents on the web and we can
plot that with the confidence but I see
that the micro blogs and blogs and
articles that kind of web native
you're very easy to find those things by
searching or in Google or in other
platforms but if you move from the short
content to the longer content to
newspapers magazines journals and books
it's actually harder and harder to
access
the web so we're trying to solve this
issue only one hand and the other hand
of the issue is the Internet censorship
so as as a Chinese we're very familiar
with its problem because the censorship
is a huge issue in China and this Vida
is actually pretty old data from 2011
for the past few years worldwide the
censorship issue has gotten worse
Russia and India and Turkey has pretty
much catching up with China so this is a
now a issue of global wide so um what so
what are what are the solutions we are
kind of proposing for for for these two
sides of the same problems so first want
to talk about how each content market
works the kind of structure of each
content market so especially for their
larger the bigger content such as
magazines and books the only see a tiny
bit of people in the market are writers
let's say 1% and most of the readers
they don't discover the content directly
from the writer not like our Facebook
you can follow your friends but for
books magazines most readers can follow
don't find the content directly from the
writer that you find it comes in through
curators the curators can be a lot of
different worlds we can be the
publishers as we just talked about it
can be a mecca we can be bookstores it
can be influencers as nowadays for
example people might discover a book by
Bill Gates recommendation just like that
and this to say that the cure is 10% and
the reader is the rest of their 89% so
this kind of like habit triangle
structure and if you think about how
each reader discover the accountants
it's more like this on the right side
each reader they probably have contacts
to some books or magazines influencers
and friends and each of those people
those curators they have to read
contacts to the authors and this is how
the reader can discover the contents so
in order to build a star
that if distributive and at the same
time the user cannot or organically find
the content through the curator we
actually have to build a data structure
is similar to the struct on the right
side this is the human connection graph
but it's also what we want to be viewed
in in the data structure
so this take a look at how this
structure will look like this structure
is basically the content that or the
Merkel forests has as what is used in
you know a lot of Ikea stock so that for
example there can be a collection
written by curator may be just
recommended recommending a bunch of
articles and eBooks
certain topics and this curator she he
or she probably carries an article and
books and another article and the other
this article can reference other
articles it can review this book the
other article can reply to another
article or reference another journal
these are these are the the net for the
organic bag the organic graph of the
accounting Agnes let's even have this
people have discover contents before the
internet and if we can bring it one step
further and we can see that under for
the case of book and journal there are
those sales graphs or bags of contents
tend together and if we can model their
whole content structure like this if we
can model their relationship of the
content like this we we can have a very
flexible and universal way of of
building a content bag of of allowing
different user to participate in
building structure and also allowing the
reader to discover different contents
with a structure but there one point to
this tag is that first of all we need
different type of the edges when a
different type of saying that how is
this article is this I can connect to
this one and we also need a special type
of edge that's kind of half-baked in
copyright for example in a case of book
we want to say that
this book includes these three chapters
so we are copyrighted together and we
have this sense they feel the same
access control layer in that there's a
same case with a journal here so another
so so in summary of what we need is that
in this whole structure we kind of in
each note we need the author information
which is what guaranteed that the
copyright itself we want to have a way
to say that who wrote this article who
this thought who does this article
belongs to you and we also have to want
to have a bacon twice and payment
information where I say that they also
want to say how much do I want to fill
my my company for or how much do I want
to show my Mac therefore and how do I
want to get paid with it Bitcoin or
Assyrian or transitional payment methods
and also daytime but for each edge so we
want to have first of all we want to
know whether it has the baking act if
culture layer would have copyright it by
linking it to another node and we'll
also want to know the type of the edge
and so for each of the three different
rosa creators or the writers and the
curators and the readers they each
player different parts in building this
structure for the creators sphere using
these edges or endless notes to
reference organize and bound oh and
clock write their content and for the
curators they use it to curate recommend
promote Tenten and more importantly the
shoot use the structure to get profit
share for example if they recommend and
promote a further content and when their
company gets sold they should get part
of the profit as as encouragement of
their tuition and so the readers can now
follow other readers mostly curators and
they can also discover content by a
following this content back so this is
kind of the the idea of the the vision
of what the final data structure we want
to beaut um and we're
basically building the UI to allow a
regular to build a structure so in this
case on the left side we're seeing the
editors our mattress dot news platform
on the left side you have a WYSIWYG
editor it's kind of the normally the
wick editor you would expect and on the
right side you can search for other
articles and you can just add them and
connect them to these article you're
writing and you can drag and drop to to
organize their orders such and such and
on the right side we also provide other
ways for for for kind of thing clarify
that the way to begin the attack here
you can see that we have a little icon
here this is I so after kids like icon
you basically enter the article you
enter the editor but we this current
article already collected connected on
the right side so this is just instead
of just a prototype with how we're
allowing the youth attribute the content
that but it's already proving itself to
be very useful for example here this is
our usually using them content attribute
serial of articles he originally wanted
to publish as a book but then he want to
kind of publish an article off to
another article so the the final
structure view viewed in our platform to
kind of look like this this is the main
article and you can see that this is the
other articles that this is these
articles pointing to so this article on
the left is kind of the top of the deck
and the other wives are there on the
bottom of the deck so this is kind of
from a single structure than the eunuch
have followed on the order on the email
already on our use case we can also use
new structure to kind of viewed
accountant table which is also the kids
on the left side but on the right side
is that you're kind of traversing from
them button will be back to the top so
you can see what other articles are also
in which structure um so we'll also
mention that we also want to use the
structured she viewed books that can be
so doing a traditional wait can be
priced it can be you can view 110
percent of it of the whole book as a
sample so this is kind of a UI that we
optimized for this use case so you do
still build the content at the same way
as we mentioned before but now we can
add a price whatever price we think good
for that for the book and we can also
have the table of content of the repute
that so this is a book cover and you can
see that we will have the type of
content here which is or the other
chapters that's included in this book
and even if in each chapter you can also
view the content become the type of
content by clicking here and seeing what
what else are in this book and in this
way it's kind of like map nicely to the
traditional book fairly message and we
also had the 10% of free reading samples
here so so a little more about how I
would do we want to view this tag how do
we want to our you that you view that
that currently we're prototyping on the
website because it's much faster and
also more flexible and also faster in
terms of the users experience and also
for the developers experience and also
we can iterate on that very fast to
adapt our users need but eventually we
want to have those one have website Plus
app the website would basically be the
bridge to the distributed web which is
ipfs as a backbone but there is actually
kind of the distributed web we have s
known embedded and ideally with and you
say run note because we will have to use
some kind of small contract to do the
dynamic content and an authorization so
on the website side we which is
currently most of our efforts are on it
will be first optimized for the readers
and then for
writers and then curators and publishers
and it will be a kind of like a
straightforward but yet distributed
compatible meaning that what kind of
beautiful structure
having the distributed network in mind
so it kind of works as a
reach to the D web so we we expect at
least in the short term most of the
traffic will be on the website but on
the at site which we just started to
experiment with it will start with
optimizing for special use case because
we can't imagine that we can we kind of
know that it will be slower than a
website
but it will be proving itself youthful
in a lot of special use cases such as
because that needs anonymity if
encryption or censorship resilient and
on the outside because the schemas
should be used a lot of different
projects
it has to be coming to driven how we
know how we define the price how we are
recording the the authorship etc and
also on the outside it's open to
experiments it doesn't does not need to
be as production ready as the website um
so this is kind of a rough timeline of
what we have down up to now and what
we're planning to do in the next few
months for the community fat in the
website part for the website part we
kind of start in 2017 December because
the end of that year we started out with
just a normal publishing platform with
article comments appreciation which is
kind of a token system we developed
which transfer this token as part of the
appreciation and that will affect the
articles rankings and in last the end of
last year we start integrating ipfs and
starting this year we start to
developing the idea of collection and
also either can you get to do curations
and up to this point we have been
focusing a lot on building the community
because we're inviting a lot of
professional writers a lot of Institute
accounts to bring in high quality
content and we'll also organize a lot of
offline talks to kind of keep the vibe
of the community here being feeling
towards a good contents and also kind of
to draw more attentions and starting
this month we started to roll out our
book formats so now user can publish
book our website and two months later on
July leave here we'll be rolling out
paid contents which we're partnered with
a couple of different publishers after
that will be kind of optimized for
different other use cases such as
magazine and bookmarks etc and on the
community side after we're ready to chew
out the matoran format and booklet
format we'll be pushing for two waiters
will be needs to have more cures on
website to help our readers to find
content and then would be then be
encouraging us to do self publications
on the website and for the desktop and
app which is that they actually
distributed part we just start
experimenting with that and it's not
production ready we are starting to
experiment with ideas plus electron
tiers as a desktop and then activist
plus react native as as the app the
first step we want to do is simply
render HTML from hash and then which add
the free articles from our platform to
the app and also we were working with
china designs for for non Chinese
speakers it's kind of a huge Internet
Archive for Chinese webs website
basically Internet Archive for for
Chinese content but it's heavily
censored
by a Chinese government in banan China
and after that we'll be publishing
content allow the user to publish
content from desktop another unit of all
other users and resolve free content
tags after that we're also going to
integrate with tor our client site which
will be a collaboration with the
Berkeley County power lab which have
done a lot of work on finishes and after
that we'll integrating the payments with
cryptocurrency and the ability to
resolve paid content our client and
eventually somehow I need a small
contract to do the authorization the
copyright radiates stuff on the client
site so that's kind of their timeline of
our those our with side and that's the
we're working with a lot of partners to
kind of build this whole content library
or they've counted DAC our platform the
most important one of probably have the
most readers are the adults for the
University Press in China oversee they
have around three million users of three
million readers in in Hong Kong Taiwan
and Macau which is what the Chinese
premier gasps I've been in China and
also China digital times which I've
mentioned before it is run by Berkeley
County parallel and we have around three
hundred thousand subscribers and then
there are a lot of other kind of Chinese
big Chinese Institute accounts which are
a lot of times blocked email in China I
also listed the subscribers here they
also actively participating in producing
content without a platform so because
we're kind of more censorship resilient
and also we don't we don't we kind of
serve our applications through their
needs on the technology side we also
partner with directly from the parallel
which I've mentioned before they would
provide the Chinese web archive floss
and they also provide some technology
support on a tour integration part we
also partner with Lyon which is a block
chain project we work a lot on
the final bill is very similar to us so
we'll be partitioned we work together on
how to integrate webcam and how to
integrate small contracts into that so
that's kind of an overview of their of
their project I kind of rushed through a
lot of different things so there's still
a lot of challenges we have are chilling
those things first of all it's kind of
like a general design problem we just
which I was getting familiar with all
the tools available in the Deep Web
community so there's a lot of problem
with how can we choose any integrate
different tools and how do we position
our self accompanied on the different
will adjust our BTB or or or what
textile has four for the reactant native
SDKs and also how do we how do we avoid
creating new scheme and protocols how do
we reuse existing scheme and protocols
and how do we create a dynamic content
and also how to do a thorough revision
access controls another problem we'll be
facing is how how do we increase
adoption of our users our users who use
website very nicely but after we roll
out the desktop end and we'll be outside
have how do we ask how you get to you
that we have performance issue and we
also need to find a key to a use case
for our distributed apps and second the
last one is as a whole startup project
we have a co-founding we're now looking
for official responsible foundations and
family founds but all of those are very
tiny little fans so so we'll if you guys
have any recommendation on from the
opportunities we're all use when we we
are trying to actively find of
project and also we're thinking about
ICO Souls but it's kind of a we don't
want to kind of go down that route
because it's not of a hassle so that's
basically all I have from me and you can
you're more than welcome to check out
the website although it's still mostly
it's scared or in Chinese but if you
guys have any interest we're definitely
more than happy to add being English
Russians as soon as possible any of you
have any questions you can just shoot me
an email
thanks for a time and any questions are
welcome thank you very much for such a
comprehensive presentation that was
amazing
we are running over time but we will get
in one or two questions
yes Klopp Klopp clouds awesome this was
a really good presentation so if you
have a question if you put it in a chat
that would be great and we'll get the
Q&A right now johnny crunch this
questions from johnny crunch what is
your plan for identity and ACL controls
yeah that's a really good question and
it's also a hard one
so the identity part we definitely have
to have a union of the active node node
ID and a blow of challenges that we're
still debating between ECM and and and
BitTorrent
I'm sorry of Bitcoin so that's the
that's an ID part but the access control
is hotter we we do not want to have an
encryption access country we do not want
to have encryption DRM because that's
just nasty
so we the first version is just a schema
that saying what surprised and what's
the payment method and leave the excess
country to the application which is not
a very strong application access control
but it's kind of a workable version
right here does that answer your
question
cool thanks
and let's go to the last question from
dahveed what do you have the data
structure do you have a data structure
exploration ready for review or the code
and Doc's open source that's up so the
last question so the code of their
platform itself is not open source yet
because we're just still adding tests to
that and we because we're not expecting
any PRS now because we're just designing
the application with the design team
it's still not a committee driven but
the other side the the experimental side
the desktop and and the apps were
building they're all start we are we are
rolling out the API schema which is only
one side of the schema the other side of
the schema is the IPSS schema which
we're storing the idea of this network
it's it's a resource but it's now well
documented and we are working it to be
better documented and then be peer
reviewed by the community thank you very
much and this is a comment and I'll read
it this works great as a desktop PWA
progressive web app on Chrome on Mac
that's so one of many use cases of not a
diet news thank you
Gourley oh thank you very much for your
wonderful presentation and if you can
send me to slide I can put them in a
notes and we will definitely be in
contact thank you very much and thank
you everyone for joining the IPF a
weekly call and I will see you next week
thank you bye bye everyone thanks
everyone